README.md, before:

# A term-rewriting implementation of the lambda calculus.

This repository contains an implementation of the lambda calculus that
uses the reflection-based term-rewriting extension to Silver.

## Authors
- Lucas Kramer, University of Minnesota, krame505@umn.edu
- Eric Van Wyk, University of Minnesota, evw@umn.edu,
  ORCID: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5611-8687

## Releases
- Release 0.1.0: made in April, 2020

## License
This software is in the public domain.

## Related publications
Release 0.1.0 is discussed in the paper "Reflection of Terms in Attribute Grammars: Design and Applications" by Lucas Kramer, Ted Kaminski, and Eric Van Wyk.  At the time of release this paper has been submitted to the Journal of Computer Languages (COLA).  

It is an extension of ``Reflection in Attribute Grammars'' by the same
authors, presented at the 2019 ACM SIGPLAN
International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &
Experiences (GPCE).  See DOI https://doi.org/10.1145/3357765.3359517.

# Using the Software
To see how the Silver reflection-based term rewriting features can be used, see the Silver specification in the ``grammars`` directory.  Specifically, the file ``Eval.sv`` file in the ``grammars/edu.umn.cs.melt.lambdacalc/abstractsyntax`` directory.  This material is discussed in the paper mentioned above.

A ``build`` script will create the Silver evaluation for this and the ``run-tests`` will execute it on some provided test files.

Be sure that Silver version 0.4.2 is used since it contains the new term-rewriting features used here.

## Required Software
- Silver, https://melt.cs.umn.edu/silver, version 0.4.2

Commit message:

adding links to active and archival repositories

README.md, after:

# A term-rewriting implementation of the lambda calculus.

This repository contains an implementation of the lambda calculus that
uses the reflection-based term-rewriting extension to Silver.

## Authors
- Lucas Kramer, University of Minnesota, krame505@umn.edu
- Eric Van Wyk, University of Minnesota, evw@umn.edu,
  ORCID: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5611-8687

## Releases
- Release 0.1.0: made in April, 2020

## License
This software is in the public domain.

## Related publications
Release 0.1.0 is discussed in the paper "Reflection of Terms in Attribute Grammars: Design and Applications" by Lucas Kramer, Ted Kaminski, and Eric Van Wyk.  At the time of release this paper has been submitted to the Journal of Computer Languages (COLA).  

It is an extension of ``Reflection in Attribute Grammars'' by the same
authors, presented at the 2019 ACM SIGPLAN
International Conference on Generative Programming: Concepts &
Experiences (GPCE).  See DOI https://doi.org/10.1145/3357765.3359517.

## Repositories
- Actively-developed versions of this software are available on GitHub at https://github.com/melt-umn/rewriting-lambda-calculus
- Archival versions of this software are permanently available on the Data Repository of the University of Minnesota at <<<insert DOI here>>>.

# Using the Software
To see how the Silver reflection-based term rewriting features can be used, see the Silver specification in the ``grammars`` directory.  Specifically, the file ``Eval.sv`` file in the ``grammars/edu.umn.cs.melt.lambdacalc/abstractsyntax`` directory.  This material is discussed in the paper mentioned above.

A ``build`` script will create the Silver evaluation for this and the ``run-tests`` will execute it on some provided test files.

Be sure that Silver version 0.4.2 is used since it contains the new term-rewriting features used here.

## Required Software
- Silver, https://melt.cs.umn.edu/silver, version 0.4.2
